File uploaded

Please ADD YOUR NAME TO THE BOTTOM OF THE README FILE SO WE KNOW THAT YOU COMPLETED THIS TUTORIAL

Hey guys!
	Kyle here!
		So first off, GitHub seems a little unintuative but trust me it's extremely simple to use, so
I'm going to break it down into simple steps.

First:
	You will need GitHub Desktop ( you should all have it on you personal PC from debugging last term)

Step 1: get the repository

	- check your email for the invite that loui sent out in class.
	- accept the invitation, and go to the address supplied in the email.
	- click on the green button labled ~clone or download~ this repository
		*once here clone the repository to GitHub Desktop
	_Congratulations!!! you now have the repository, time to commit right?  WRONG!!

Step 2: Fetching origin	
	
	-on the top of GitHub Desktop, you will see three tabs, here are what the are and what you should do with em.
		1. Current Repository
			*set this to CAPSTONE_GIT_TEST
		2.Current Branch
			*set this to your name (please DO NOT SELECT MASTER AS THIS COMMITS DIRECTLY TO IT)
		3.FETCH ORIGIN
			*This is a crucial step, whenever you open GitHub click this button
			this will ensure you have the most up to date version of the project
	With this step complete you are now ready to modify the branch you are on.

Step 3: Modifying the branch

	1.notice on the right side of GitHUb Desktop that there is a string of text, click on ~open this repository~
		-now this is as simple as dragging and dropping something into the folder
	2.Once the file has been added, on the left side of Github you will see the change that you made to the 
	repository show up, once this has shown up, directly below it you will see summary.   You MUST
	write a summary!!!!
		*It's a good idea to get used to documenting your changes in the description as well.
	3.With summary complete click on commit to <your name>.
	4. Finally once the commit is complete click on the third tab labeled PUSH TO ORIGIN(previously FETCH ORIGIN) 

this is all you have to do to push the changes to your branch.

NOW~ the pull requests are a little bit more work to get this far and it should be noted that noone should do this after 
the test is complete as ONLY our technical director should be merging to master.

Pull requests
	Step 1: go to github.com and select the Capstone project.
	Step 2: go to you branch of the project
	Step 3: Select NEW PULL REQUEST
	Step 4: Fill out the required information with as much information as you can
	Step 5: Click on CREATE PULL REQUEST
		*Git Hub will now tell you about all the conflicts that you may have and if it has no conflicts
		then click MERGE PULL REQUEST and CONFIRM REQUEST.

	it is important to note that before you select the final MERGE  PULL REQUEST that the change is
	posted up for everyone to look at and comment on, this is a very important step as we can all now 
	clone your branch and test out the potential changes.

thanks for reading this everyone and see you in class

SIGNED:

Kyle J. Ennis